ideas/paperdump.05.01.2024.md, before:

Learning Vision from Models Rivals Learning Vision from Data
https://arxiv.org/abs/2312.17742.pdf

LangSplat: 3D Language Gaussian Splatting
https://arxiv.org/abs/2312.16084.pdf

Black Holes as Brains: Neural Networks with Area Law Entropy
https://arxiv.org/abs/1801.03918.pdf

A Text-guided Protein Design Framework
https://arxiv.org/abs/2302.04611.pdf

Emergent Linear Representations in World Models of Self-Supervised Sequence Models
https://arxiv.org/abs/2309.00941.pdf

Compact3D: Compressing Gaussian Splat Radiance Field Models with Vector Quantization
https://arxiv.org/abs/2311.18159.pdf

The Truth is in There: Improving Reasoning in Language Models with Layer-Selective Rank Reduction
https://arxiv.org/abs//2312.13558.pdf

Ferret: Refer and Ground Anything Anywhere at Any Granularity
https://arxiv.org/abs/2310.07704v1.pdf

CLIP-DINOiser: Teaching CLIP a few DINO tricks
https://arxiv.org/abs/2312.12359.pdf

Discovery of a structural class of antibiotics with explainable deep learning
https://www.nature.com/articles/s41586-023-06887-8

Zero-Shot Metric Depth with a Field-of-View Conditioned Diffusion Model
https://arxiv.org/abs/2312.13252.pdf

DoReMi: Optimizing Data Mixtures Speeds Up Language Model Pretraining
https://arxiv.org/abs/2305.10429.pdf

PIT: Optimization of Dynamic Sparse Deep Learning Models via Permutation Invariant Transformation
https://arxiv.org/pdf/2301.10936.pdf

GIVT: Generative Infinite-Vocabulary Transformers
https://arxiv.org/pdf/2312.02116.pdf

Self-Play Fine-Tuning Converts Weak Language Models to Strong Language Models
https://arxiv.org/pdf/2401.01335v1.pdf

TrailBlazer: Trajectory Control for Diffusion-Based Video Generation
https://arxiv.org/pdf/2401.00896.pdf

MobileVLM: A Fast, Strong and Open Vision Language Assistant for Mobile Devices
https://arxiv.org/pdf/2312.16886.pdf

Spacetime Gaussian Feature Splatting for Real-Time Dynamic View Synthesis
https://arxiv.org/pdf/2312.16812.pdf

OpenVoice: Versatile Instant Voice Cloning
https://arxiv.org/pdf/2312.01479.pdf

TinyGPT-V: Efficient Multimodal Large Language Model via Small Backbones
https://arxiv.org/pdf/2312.16862v1.pdf

Reinforced Self-Training (ReST) for Language Modeling
https://arxiv.org/pdf/2308.08998.pdf

Beyond Human Data: Scaling Self-Training for Problem-Solving with Language Models
https://arxiv.org/pdf/2312.06585.pdf

Principled Instructions Are All You Need for Questioning LLaMA-1/2, GPT-3.5/4
https://arxiv.org/pdf/2312.16171.pdf

Commit message:

one model to rule them all

ideas/paperdump.05.01.2024.md, after:

Learning Vision from Models Rivals Learning Vision from Data
https://arxiv.org/abs/2312.17742.pdf

GPT-4V(ision) is a Generalist Web Agent, if Grounded
https://arxiv.org/pdf/2401.01614.pdf

LangSplat: 3D Language Gaussian Splatting
https://arxiv.org/abs/2312.16084.pdf

Black Holes as Brains: Neural Networks with Area Law Entropy
https://arxiv.org/abs/1801.03918.pdf

A Text-guided Protein Design Framework
https://arxiv.org/abs/2302.04611.pdf

Emergent Linear Representations in World Models of Self-Supervised Sequence Models
https://arxiv.org/abs/2309.00941.pdf

Compact3D: Compressing Gaussian Splat Radiance Field Models with Vector Quantization
https://arxiv.org/abs/2311.18159.pdf

The Truth is in There: Improving Reasoning in Language Models with Layer-Selective Rank Reduction
https://arxiv.org/abs//2312.13558.pdf

Ferret: Refer and Ground Anything Anywhere at Any Granularity
https://arxiv.org/abs/2310.07704v1.pdf

CLIP-DINOiser: Teaching CLIP a few DINO tricks
https://arxiv.org/abs/2312.12359.pdf

Discovery of a structural class of antibiotics with explainable deep learning
https://www.nature.com/articles/s41586-023-06887-8

Zero-Shot Metric Depth with a Field-of-View Conditioned Diffusion Model
https://arxiv.org/abs/2312.13252.pdf

DoReMi: Optimizing Data Mixtures Speeds Up Language Model Pretraining
https://arxiv.org/abs/2305.10429.pdf

PIT: Optimization of Dynamic Sparse Deep Learning Models via Permutation Invariant Transformation
https://arxiv.org/pdf/2301.10936.pdf

GIVT: Generative Infinite-Vocabulary Transformers
https://arxiv.org/pdf/2312.02116.pdf

Self-Play Fine-Tuning Converts Weak Language Models to Strong Language Models
https://arxiv.org/pdf/2401.01335v1.pdf

TrailBlazer: Trajectory Control for Diffusion-Based Video Generation
https://arxiv.org/pdf/2401.00896.pdf

MobileVLM: A Fast, Strong and Open Vision Language Assistant for Mobile Devices
https://arxiv.org/pdf/2312.16886.pdf

Spacetime Gaussian Feature Splatting for Real-Time Dynamic View Synthesis
https://arxiv.org/pdf/2312.16812.pdf

OpenVoice: Versatile Instant Voice Cloning
https://arxiv.org/pdf/2312.01479.pdf

TinyGPT-V: Efficient Multimodal Large Language Model via Small Backbones
https://arxiv.org/pdf/2312.16862v1.pdf

Reinforced Self-Training (ReST) for Language Modeling
https://arxiv.org/pdf/2308.08998.pdf

Beyond Human Data: Scaling Self-Training for Problem-Solving with Language Models
https://arxiv.org/pdf/2312.06585.pdf

Principled Instructions Are All You Need for Questioning LLaMA-1/2, GPT-3.5/4
https://arxiv.org/pdf/2312.16171.pdf

From Audio to Photoreal Embodiment: Synthesizing Humans in Conversations
https://arxiv.org/pdf/2401.01885.pdf

COSMO: COntrastive Streamlined MultimOdal Model with Interleaved Pre-Training
https://arxiv.org/pdf/2401.00849.pdf

Improving Text Embeddings with Large Language Models
https://arxiv.org/pdf/2401.00368.pdf
